
Hi Kalim, this is looking great! I'm a bit concerned about readability (my choice in font and color background), so have a few changes now and may have more later due to feedback.

For now, let's make the last block / Contact our Dark Green 006400 (Resitrstion page) 

2. I also feel that the sections get a bit lost--let's try our orange arrows between the sections "Vessel Information" "Vessel Location" and so on     

3. I'd also like to get a bit more spacing between each of the entry fields, "Vessel Name (*required )" and the header, "Vessel Color (*required )" and the entry box of "Vessel Name (*required )"--basically visually grouping the sections together so the client doesn't confuse what they are entering, like this... 

4. Let's also have "Vessel Information" and "Contact" align with "Register". I've set up "Vessel Information" as an example (and "Contact" is where it is showing now)... 

(yes! last section of reg page)

(response to your question on request 1 / not numbered)

5. I'd also like to change to all CAPS for the subheaders "Vessel Information", etc.

6. I also dislike the hierarchy in the "tanks" section (and this is directly coming from our setup). A. Would we be able to change it to have a question (Number of Tanks? and answer 1, 2, 3) the same size as "Vessel Type (*required )" B. and then based on the client's response, then the appropriate number of tanks drops down? C. And I'd like to have each tank section stand out a bit, or maybe just group it a bit more. Perhaps make each tank section 25% lighter than the blue color (just slight shading to give it some difference) D. And have the tanks a bit indented like the screen capture.

7. A bit more spacing between the choices, like this...

8. "Vessel Location" I've got a few A. Please get rid of the bullets, I know they were on the previous form, but not necessary. B. We previously had all the locations on the main page to help with web crawlers picking up the information--I'm not sure if that is necessary any more? If it can work, I'd like to list the main areas "Alameda, Eastside / Inner Harbor", "Berkeley", etc and then have pull down menus for the marinas for those. C. With putting the marinas in a list, what options would we have to keep the website links? This was also initially mostly for webcralwer, so not sure if it is useful at this date. D. I like the idea of service date as a popout, but we frequently change dates and not sure I want to call out the service date that strongly. (Let me think on 8D a bit)

9. "Terms of Service" I'd like to stand out more. Perhaps put it in a box similar to the additional information above it and have the text black.

10. And finally for now, A. "REGISTER FOR SERVICE" section, can we have that shorter than the other 2 sections? It's a bit heavy on the right and would be great if it stays about the size of the text that is in it. B. If it can also float so it is always next to where the client is working, that would be great.

Thank you!!!